.LOG
21:30 17-03-2022

today onwards, i decided to write a diary.

today, i woke up with a call from delivery boy who was asking about my exact address to deliver the package that i ordered from wow. i told my address and i came to my diwana cot to wait for the package before i go to bathroom to brush my tooth and clean my face. in the mean time, i got a email from lambton college about the registration process where i missed to mention the year of intake on the student agreement form.  i got my package and he asked to me 10 rupess for the delivery and i did that when i was working with my student form. i completed my form as well as my bathroom chores. i heated a litre of water and then i drank half of the warm water and i continued into my newspaper activity. after completing my news, i ate my breakfast and proceeded into downloades java videos as well as lambton registration videos. in the mean time, my home wifi got last and it has been happening to us from the past few days. i contacted the bsnl guys and he told he will repair today which he said that but he didnt do it. 


i completed all the videos at around 12;30 AND THEN I PROCEEDED TO MY LUNCH BECUSE I WAS HUNGRY. before i got into sleep, we received one of my uncle came along with my father and i did my chores to my uncle such as asking few conditions and answering the questions he asked me. i opened my laptop with full energy after a worst nap that i took earlier adn studied nelson mandela book from page 70th to 110th page. i took a half an hour break from my schedule and spoke to my mother and spent some time in sunil house. afyer that, i proceeded for 30 in walking infront of my house. when the remaining time for my walk was about 5 mins , my mom called me to drink tea and i told to wait for 5 more mins. between the time 0f 5:30-6:00 pm , my grand mother came from mangampeta.when i was about to go bath, the wifi got connected and i put on some youtube vlogs on tv while i was surfing 0n internet and downloading  vincenzo series. i had my bath and i started studying swift language closures concept. i dont know what happend to me i got bored from the concept whilw i was watching that and i shut down my laptop. i had maggi rice as my dinner and i wailted for half an hour to get into the next task. i went to bathrrom, brushed my teeth, cleande my face, applied some face cream. i finally sat down free and i dont have to do anything apart from watching spider man :no way home. i dont know waht came to me ( i took my laptop to my verandah and sat on diwana cot and started writing diary). dont think about grammar mistakes in this diary because i didnt have intrest today becasue of the guilt that  i had on swift language concept.........many more to come 


20:19 31-03-2022
